README.md, before:

# CIPHERSCHOOLS-PROFILE-PAGE | [DEMO](https://cipherschools-profile.onrender.com/)

Full-stack assignment (frontend + backend) for DigiLabs, implements a full-featured user profile dashboard with support for viewing user details, updating password, interests along with all the required details. Also show followers in a paginated optimised API.

## Demo

The api is hosted on [Render](https://render.com/).

**Deployed Link**: [_Try it out_](https://cipherschools-profile.onrender.com/)

**Github**: [_Link_](https://github.com/ananyo141/cipherschools-profile-page/)

## Features list:

**Backend:**

- [x] register user
- [x] login user
- [x] update user
- [x] get followers (paginated)
- [x] input validation / error handling

**Frontend:**

- [x] cipher map
- [x] profile details
- [x] followers
- [x] responsive
- [x] profile page

## Tech Stack

**Backend:**

-
- Node-ExpressJS,
- MongoDB (NoSQL Database)
- JWT Authentication

**Frontend:**

-
- ReactJS
- Redux Toolkit with React bindings

_The whole project is written in **TypeScript**._

## Deployment

This project uses yarn for package management.

Install yarn and run:

```bash
  yarn && yarn dev
```

This will start the development server and the site will be available on default http **PORT 3000**.

Commit message:

fix: remove excess bullets; add free server disclaimer

README.md, after:

# CIPHERSCHOOLS-PROFILE-PAGE | [DEMO](https://cipherschools-profile.onrender.com/)

Full-stack assignment (frontend + backend) for DigiLabs, implements a full-featured user profile dashboard with support for viewing user details, updating password, interests along with all the required details. Also show followers in a paginated optimised API.

## Demo

The api is hosted on [Render](https://render.com/).

**Deployed Link**: [_Try it out_](https://cipherschools-profile.onrender.com/)

**Github**: [_Link_](https://github.com/ananyo141/cipherschools-profile-page/)

_NOTE: As the server is hosted on free tier, it may take upto 2 minutes when
serving the first api request._

## Features list:

**Backend:**

- [x] register user
- [x] login user
- [x] update user
- [x] get followers (paginated)
- [x] input validation / error handling

**Frontend:**

- [x] cipher map
- [x] profile details
- [x] followers
- [x] responsive
- [x] profile page

## Tech Stack

**Backend:**

- Node-ExpressJS,
- MongoDB (NoSQL Database)
- JWT Authentication

**Frontend:**

- ReactJS
- Redux Toolkit with React bindings

_The whole project is written in **TypeScript**._

## Deployment

This project uses yarn for package management.

Install yarn and run:

```bash
  yarn && yarn dev
```

This will start the development server and the site will be available on default http **PORT 3000**.
